I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why didn’t the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts.
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?  I'm a cashew!
Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall.
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work, but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
How come the stadium got hot after the game? Because all of the fans left.
Why was it called the dark ages? Because of all the knights. 
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? A spelling bee.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked... garden fences.
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song?  I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. The second time let me down.
To be Frank, I'd have to change my name.
Slept like a log last night … woke up in the fireplace.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.
I thought my wife was joking when she said she'd leave me if I didn't stop signing "I'm A Believer"... Then I saw her face.
I’m only familiar with 25 letters in the English language. I don’t know why.
What do you call two barracuda fish?  A Pairacuda!
What did the father tomato say to the baby tomato whilst on a family walk? Ketchup.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you do on a remote island? Try and find the TV island it belongs to.
Did you know that protons have mass? I didn't even know they were catholic.
Dad I’m hungry’ … ‘Hi hungry I’m dad
I was fired from the keyboard factory yesterday.  I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
Whoever invented the knock-knock joke should get a no bell prize.
Wife: Honey I’m pregnant.
Me: Well…. what do we do now?
Wife: Well, I guess we should go to a baby doctor.
Me: Hm.. I think I’d be a lot more comfortable going to an adult doctor.
When will the little snake arrive? I don't know but he won't be long...
Why was Pavlov's beard so soft?  Because he conditioned it.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty
Why did the kid throw the clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly!
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu: You get what you deserve.
Why couldn't the kid see the pirate movie? Because it was rated arrr!
Man, I really love my furniture... me and my recliner go way back.
What did the traffic light say to the car as it passed? "Don't look I'm changing!"
My son is studying to be a surgeon, I just hope he makes the cut.
Why did the man run around his bed? Because he was trying to catch up on his sleep!
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward.  That’s just how I roll.
Conjunctivitis.com – now that’s a site for sore eyes.
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb? A Brazilian
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Why was the robot angry? Because someone kept pressing his buttons!
Which is the fastest growing city in the world? Dublin'
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other one off.
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy?
I don't know and I don't care.
I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once... It was Everlong...
Some people eat light bulbs. They say it's a nice light snack.
I went to the store to pick up eight cans of sprite... when I got home I realized I'd only picked seven up
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
I got a reversible jacket for Christmas, I can't wait to see how it turns out.
What did Romans use to cut pizza before the rolling cutter was invented? Lil Caesars
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. He was caught in a trap..
Never take advice from electrons. They are always negative.
Why are oranges the smartest fruit? Because they are made to concentrate. 
What did the beaver say to the tree? It's been nice gnawing you.
How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern? You use a pumpkin patch.
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? I’ll ketch up
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
I made a belt out of watches once... It was a waist of time.
Why did Mozart kill all his chickens?
Because when he asked them who the best composer was, they'd all say "Bach bach bach!"
This furniture store keeps emailing me, all I wanted was one night stand!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?  Look for fresh prints.
My sister bet me $15 that I couldn't build a car out of spaghetti. You should have seen the look on her face as I drove pasta.
My boss told me to have a good day... so I went home.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
If at first you don't succeed, sky diving is not for you!
I'd like to start a diet, but I've got too much on my plate right now.
What kind of music do mummy's like? Rap
What's large, grey, and doesn't matter?
An irrelephant.
A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
What did the dog say to the two trees? Bark bark.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot!
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap.
What do you call a boy who stopped digging holes? Douglas.
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff.
Why should you never trust a pig with a secret? Because it's bound to squeal.
Why are mummys scared of vacation? They're afraid to unwind.
Whiteboards ... are remarkable.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? A stega-snore-us.
What has three letters and starts with gas? A Car.
What’s Forest Gump’s Facebook password? 1forest1
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree!
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ‘No, just leave it in the carton!’
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!
Me: If humans lose the ability to hear high frequency volumes as they get older, can my 4 week old son hear a dog whistle?
Doctor: No, humans can never hear that high of a frequency no matter what age they are.
Me: Trick question... dogs can't whistle.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... I totally nailed it!
What was the pumpkin’s favorite sport?
Squash.
Recent survey revealed 6 out of 7 dwarf's aren't happy.
What do you call corn that joins the army? Kernel.
I've been trying to come up with a dad joke about momentum . . . but I just can't seem to get it going.
‘Put the cat out’ … ‘I didn’t realize it was on fire
Why don't skeletons ride roller coasters? They don't have the stomach for it.
Is there a hole in your shoe? No… Then how’d you get your foot in it?
Every night at 11:11, I make a wish that someone will come fix my broken clock.
Two muffins were sitting in an oven, and the first looks over to the second, and says, “man, it’s really hot in here”. The second looks over at the first with a surprised look, and answers, “WHOA, a talking muffin!”
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can tune a guitar but you can't "tuna" fish!
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off? It reads “Small medium at large.”
Why don't sharks eat clowns?  Because they taste funny.
Just read a few facts about frogs. They were ribbiting.
Two satellites decided to get married. The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer? Quacks in the pavement.
They tried to make a diamond shaped like a duck. It quacked under the pressure.
Where’s the bin? Dad: I haven’t been anywhere!
How do you make a water bed more bouncy. You use Spring Water
I considered building the patio by myself. But I didn't have the stones.
In my career as a lumberjack I cut down exactly 52,487 trees. I know because I kept a log.
Why do bears have hairy coats? Fur protection.
What do you get when you cross a bee and a sheep? A bah-humbug.
What did one snowman say to the other snow man? Do you smell carrot?
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.
What do you call a troublesome Canadian high schooler? A poutine.
A magician was driving down the street and then he turned into a driveway.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything.
If you walk into a forest and cut down a tree, but the tree doesn't understand why you cut it down, do you think it's stumped?
Where do bees go to the bathroom?  The BP station.
What is the best way to carve?
Whittle by whittle.
Why did the tree go to the dentist? It needed a root canal.
It was raining cats and dogs the other day. I almost stepped in a poodle.
Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach? Because they might peel!
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
I was wondering why the frisbee was getting bigger, then it hit me.
A farmer had 297 cows, when he rounded them up, he found he had 300
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
Somebody stole my Microsoft Office and they're going to pay - you have my Word.
What concert costs only 45 cents? 50 cent featuring Nickelback.
I couldn't figure out how the seat belt worked. Then it just clicked.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape?
BREATH!!
What do you call a dad that has fallen through the ice? A Popsicle.
Two parrots are sitting on a perch. One turns to the other and asks, "do you smell fish?"
Bad at golf? Join the club.
I had a pair of racing snails. I removed their shells to make them more aerodynamic, but they became sluggish.
What do you call a pile of cats?  A Meowtain.
How do hens stay fit? They always egg-cercise!
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemonaid.
What do you call an old snowman? Water.
I just got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
Why don’t skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have nobody to go with.
What does a female snake use for support? A co-Bra!
"Dad, I'm cold."
"Go stand in the corner, I hear it's 90 degrees."
Child: Dad, make me a sandwich. Dad: Poof! You're a sandwich.
Why are graveyards so noisy? Because of all the coffin.
What kind of bagel can fly? A plain bagel.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
What do you call a careful wolf? Aware wolf.
I was just looking at my ceiling. Not sure if it’s the best ceiling in the world, but it’s definitely up there.
Why do valley girls hang out in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
“My Dog has no nose.” “How does he smell?” “Awful”
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Why did the half blind man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
What do bees do after they are married? They go on a honeymoon.
It’s hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs, because they take everything literally.
It's difficult to say what my wife does, she sells sea shells by the sea shore.
Why did Dracula lie in the wrong coffin? He made a grave mistake.
What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me!
what do you call a dog that can do magic tricks? a labracadabrador
Doctor: Do you want to hear the good news or the bad news?
Patient: Good news please.
Doctor: we're naming a disease after you.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
I tried to write a chemistry joke, but could never get a reaction.
I gave my friend 10 puns hoping that one of them would make him laugh. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
What do computers and air conditioners have in common? They both become useless when you open windows.
What do you call a monkey in a mine field? A babooooom!
I cut my finger cutting cheese. I know it may be a cheesy story but I feel grate now.
How do you steal a coat? You jacket.
Why don't you find hippopotamuses hiding in trees?
They're really good at it.
I’m reading a book on the history of glue – can’t put it down.
Want to hear a joke about construction? Nah, I'm still working on it.
My friend told me that pepper is the best seasoning for a roast, but I took it with a grain of salt.
Just watched a documentary about beavers… It was the best damn program I’ve ever seen.
Why do choirs keep buckets handy? So they can carry their tune
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's ok, he woke up.
You will never guess what Elsa did to the balloon. She let it go.
Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
Why can't eggs have love? They will break up too soon.
You can't run through a camp site. You can only ran, because it's past tents.
They're making a movie about clocks. It's about time
I’ve just been reading a book about anti-gravity, it’s impossible to put down!
Archaeology really is a career in ruins.
I was going to get a brain transplant, but I changed my mind
Why can't you use "Beef stew" as a password? Because it's not stroganoff.
What did the piece of bread say to the knife? Butter me up.
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out, man.
Some people say that I never got over my obsession with Phil Collins.
But take a look at me now.
Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, ‘First offender?’ She says, ‘No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!’
I saw an ad in a shop window, "Television for sale, $1, volume stuck on full", I thought, "I can't turn that down".
What kind of dog lives in a particle accelerator? A Fermilabrador Retriever.
What's blue and not very heavy?  Light blue.
Guy told me today he did not know what cloning is. I told him, "that makes 2 of us."
I was so proud when I finished the puzzle in six months, when on the side it said three to four years.
Where did you learn to make ice cream? Sunday school.
Coffee has a tough time at my house, every morning it gets mugged.
A quick shoutout to all of the sidewalks out there... Thanks for keeping me off the streets.
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
Leather is great for sneaking around because it's made of hide.
People are making apocalypse jokes like there’s no tomorrow.
What is the tallest building in the world? The library – it’s got the most stories!
What kind of magic do cows believe in? MOODOO.
What’s the longest word in the dictionary? Smiles. Because there’s a mile between the two S’s.
I just broke my guitar. It's okay, I won't fret
It's only a murder of crows if there's probable caws.
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a lightbulb? Let's go ride bikes!
Where do hamburgers go to dance? The meat-ball.
I invented a new word! Plagiarism!
Did you know that ghosts call their true love their ghoul-friend?
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What did the big flower say to the littler flower? Hi, bud!
 I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker. But when I got home, all the signs were there.
Why do pumpkins sit on people’s porches?
They have no hands to knock on the door.
Who is the coolest Doctor in the hospital? The hip Doctor!
Why was ten scared of seven? Because seven ate nine.
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose? Hare spray.
I applied to be a doorman but didn't get the job due to lack of experience. That surprised me, I thought it was an entry level position.
I knew a guy who collected candy canes, they were all in mint condition
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
"I'll call you later." Don't call me later, call me Dad.
Why did the teddy bear say “no” to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
Did you hear the one about the giant pickle?  He was kind of a big dill.
Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested – charged with battery.
How many bones are in the human hand? A handful of them.
A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.
I've just written a song about a tortilla. Well, it is more of a rap really.
Can February march? No, but April may.
So a duck walks into a pharmacy and says “Give me some chap-stick… and put it on my bill”
Egyptians claimed to invent the guitar, but they were such lyres.﻿
Toasters were the first form of pop-up notifications.
What is a witch's favorite subject in school? Spelling!
What do you call a crowd of chess players bragging about their wins in a hotel lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
Which side of the chicken has more feathers? The outside.
Remember, the best angle to approach a problem from is the "try" angle.
Why are fish easy to weigh? Because they have their own scales.
What did the scarf say to the hat? You go on ahead, I am going to hang around a bit longer.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague.
This morning I was wondering where the sun was, but then it dawned on me.
Writing with a broken pencil is pointless.
Why is it so windy inside an arena? All those fans.
A panda walks into a bar and says to the bartender “I’ll have a Scotch and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Coke thank you”. 
“Sure thing” the bartender replies and asks “but what’s with the big pause?” 
The panda holds up his hands and says “I was born with them”
“Doctor, I’ve broken my arm in several places” Doctor “Well don’t go to those places.”
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?
At the bottom! 
What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5000 miles.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted
Don’t interrupt someone working intently on a puzzle. Chances are, you’ll hear some crosswords.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
What did the Zen Buddist say to the hotdog vendor? Make me one with everything.
What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock? Look, no hands!
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get for you?"
"Pop," goes the weasel.
How was the snow globe feeling after the storm? A little shaken.
Did you hear the one about the guy with the broken hearing aid? Neither did he.
Did you hear about the campsite that got visited by Bigfoot? It got in tents.
I saw a documentary on TV last night about how they put ships together.  It was rivetting.
What did the Red light say to the Green light? Don't look at me I'm changing!
What did the ocean say to the beach? Thanks for all the sediment.
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells!
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
Why did the melons plan a big wedding? Because they cantaloupe!
Yesterday I confused the words "jacuzzi" and "yakuza". Now I'm in hot water with the Japanese mafia.
What is the least spoken language in the world?
Sign Language
What do birds give out on Halloween? Tweets.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not sure.
Velcro… What a rip-off.
Have you heard the rumor going around about butter? Never mind, I shouldn't spread it.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad.
I fear for the calendar, its days are numbered.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
What do you get when you cross a chicken with a skunk? A fowl smell!
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh, it's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
Where do sheep go to get their hair cut? The baa-baa shop.
Our wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
Why did the miner get fired from his job? He took it for granite...
What did the hat say to the scarf?
You can hang around. I'll just go on ahead.
Where do cats write notes?
Scratch Paper!
Why is the new Kindle screen textured to look like paper? So you feel write at home.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
What’s the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Why did the cookie cry? It was feeling crumby.
Me and my mates are in a band called Duvet. We're a cover band.
Where do you learn to make banana splits? At sundae school.
Nurse: Doctor, there's a patient that says he's invisible. Doctor: Well, tell him I can't see him right now!
What was a more important invention than the first telephone? The second one.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
What do you do when your bunny gets wet? You get your hare dryer.
Did you know crocodiles could grow up to 15 feet? But most just have 4.
Why did the fireman wear red, white, and blue suspenders? To hold his pants up.
In the news a courtroom artist was arrested today, I'm not surprised, he always seemed sketchy.
What do you call someone with no nose? Nobody knows.
What do you call a girl between two posts? Annette.
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own? It's two-tired.
What does a pirate pay for his corn? A buccaneer!
Astronomers got tired watching the moon go around the earth for 24 hours. They decided to call it a day.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad I had to take his bike away.
I ate a clock yesterday. It was so time consuming.
Two dyslexics walk into a bra.
I been watching a channel on TV that is strictly just about origami — of course it is paper-view.
Milk is also the fastest liquid on earth – its pasteurized before you even see it
Is the pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water? Because if they fell forwards they’d still be in the boat.
My wife told me to rub the herbs on the meat for better flavor. That's sage advice.
A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts. 
Ben & Jerry's really need to improve their operation. The only way to get there is down a rocky road.
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night!
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie.
How does a penguin build it’s house? Igloos it together.
What is this movie about? It is about 2 hours long.
Why are pirates called pirates? Because they arrr!
Where does Fonzie like to go for lunch? Chick-Fil-Eyyyyyyyy.
How does a dyslexic poet write? Inverse.
Don't tell secrets in corn fields. Too many ears around.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye Matey!
Why did the A go to the bathroom and come out as an E? Because he had a vowel movement.
Yesterday a clown held a door open for me. I thought it was a nice jester.
Why did the opera singer go sailing? They wanted to hit the high Cs.
Never Trust Someone With Graph Paper...
They're always plotting something.
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant.
What do you call a group of disorganized cats? A cat-tastrophe.
What is bread's favorite number?  Leaven.
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
How do you know if there’s an elephant under your bed? Your head hits the ceiling!
Why does Norway have barcodes on their battleships? So when they get back to port, they can Scandinavian.
What's the worst part about being a cross-eyed teacher?
They can't control their pupils.
What do you call a fashionable lawn statue with an excellent sense of rhythmn? A metro-gnome
Someone broke into my house last night and stole my limbo trophy. How low can you go?
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
Mountains aren't just funny, they are hill areas
I was going to learn how to juggle, but I didn't have the balls.
The Swiss must've been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a corkscrew in their army knife.
I wear a stethoscope so that in a medical emergency I can teach people a valuable lesson about assumptions.
Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them!
Every machine in the coin factory broke down all of a sudden without explanation. It just doesn’t make any cents.
Why does it take longer to get from 1st to 2nd base, than it does to get from 2nd to 3rd base? Because there’s a Shortstop in between!
What do you do when you see a space man?
Park your car, man.
If you want a job in the moisturizer industry, the best advice I can give is to apply daily.
Where do you take someone who has been injured in a Peek-a-boo accident? To the I.C.U.
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
How do you make Lady Gaga cry? Poker face. 
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.
I was in an 80's band called the prevention. We were better than the cure.
What did Michael Jackson name his denim store?    Billy Jeans!
People saying 'boo! to their friends has risen by 85% in the last year.... That's a frightening statistic.
Geology rocks, but Geography is where it's at!
I was at the library and asked if they have any books on "paranoia", the librarian replied, "yes, they are right behind you"
Have you heard of the band 1023MB? They haven't got a gig yet.
What happens when you anger a brain surgeon? They will give you a piece of your mind.
I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
I used to work at a stationery store.  But, I didn't feel like I was going anywhere.
So, I got a job at a travel agency.  Now, I know I'll be going places.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
R.I.P. boiled water. You will be mist.
Q: What did the spaghetti say to the other spaghetti?
A: Pasta la vista, baby!
The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, "This changes everything"
Why is the ocean always blue? Because the shore never waves back.
Why did the feline fail the lie detector test? Because he be lion.
Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold hard cash!
I decided to sell my Hoover… well it was just collecting dust.
Why do ducks make great detectives? They always quack the case.
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back four seconds!
What do I look like? A JOKE MACHINE!?
I bought shoes from a drug dealer once. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day.
What is a tornado's favorite game to play? Twister!
You know that cemetery up the road? People are dying to get in there.
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer? He had loco motives
Can I watch the TV? Dad: Yes, but don’t turn it on.
What is worse then finding a worm in your Apple? Finding half a worm in your Apple.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Grrrrrainnnnnssss.
"I'm sorry." "Hi sorry, I'm dad"
What is the hardest part about sky diving? The ground.
Why did the cowboy have a weiner dog? Somebody told him to get a long little doggy.
Who did the wizard marry? His ghoul-friend
How many seconds are in a year?
12.
January 2nd, February 2nd, March 2nd, April 2nd.... etc
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Ever wondered why bees hum? It's because they don't know the words.
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb? 1 or 2? 1... or 2?
There's not really any training for garbagemen. They just pick things up as they go.
Did you hear about the cow who jumped over the barbed wire fence? It was udder destruction.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!
I’ve deleted the phone numbers of all the Germans I know from my mobile phone. Now it’s Hans free.
What do you call your friend who stands in a hole? Phil.
A doll was recently found dead in a rice paddy. It's the only known instance of a nick nack paddy wack.
How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? You will see one later and one in a while.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
The word queue is ironic. It's just q with a bunch of silent letters waiting in line.
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour.
What's the best thing about elevator jokes? They work on so many levels.
Where do rabbits go after they get married? On a bunny-moon.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work.
Two fish are in a tank, one turns to the other and says, "how do you drive this thing?"
I finally bought the limited edition Thesaurus that I've always wanted. When I opened it, all the pages were blank.
I have no words to describe how angry I am.
This is my step ladder. I never knew my real ladder.
I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things.
A man walks into a bar and orders helicopter flavor chips. The barman replies “sorry mate we only do plain”
I got an A on my origami assignment when I turned my paper into my teacher
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
Why does Waldo only wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
My New Years resolution is to stop leaving things so late.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Americans can't switch from pounds to kilograms overnight. That would cause mass confusion.
An apple a day keeps the bullies away. If you throw it hard enough.
Why does Superman get invited to dinners? Because he is a Supperhero.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? Because he's a pain in the neck.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
What is the leading cause of dry skin? Towels
A man walked in to a bar with some asphalt on his arm. He said “Two beers please, one for me and one for the road.”
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
I’ll tell you something about German sausages, they’re the wurst
Where did Captain Hook get his hook? From a second hand store.
I got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.
I got fired from the transmission factor, turns out I didn't put on enough shifts...
Where do young cows eat lunch? In the calf-ateria.
I went to the doctor today and he told me I had type A blood but it was a type O.
How does a French skeleton say hello? Bone-jour.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
What’s E.T. short for? He’s only got little legs.
What kind of award did the dentist receive? A little plaque.
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A Carrot.
A Sandwich walks into a bar, the bartender says “Sorry, we don’t serve food here”
What do you get hanging from Apple trees? Sore arms.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks.
Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club, but I’m sure I’ve never met herbivore.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
A man is washing the car with his son. The son asks...... "Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?"
They laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian – they’re not laughing now.
What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalapeño face.
Don't buy flowers at a monastery. Because only you can prevent florist friars.
Hostess: Do you have a preference of where you sit?
Dad: Down.
Did you hear about the submarine industry? It really took a dive...
The biggest knight at King Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from eating too much pi.
To the person who stole my anti-depressant pills: I hope you're happy now.
How do you get a baby alien to sleep?  You rocket.
Why do pirates not know the alphabet? They always get stuck at "C".
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? They had a reptile dysfunction.
Why did the house go to the doctor? It was having window panes.
I made a playlist for hiking. It has music from Peanuts, The Cranberries, and Eminem. I call it my Trail Mix.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High definition.
A Skeleton walked into a bar he said I need a beer and a mop
How do robots eat guacamole? With computer chips.
Today, my son asked "Can I have a book mark?" and I burst into tears. 11 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Brian.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What’s brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
Why do crabs never give to charity? Because they’re shellfish.
What do you call a pig with three eyes? Piiig
How do you make a hankie dance? Put a little boogie in it.
Sgt.: Commissar! Commissar! The troops are revolting! Commissar: Well, you’re pretty repulsive yourself.
The other day I was listening to a song about superglue, it’s been stuck in my head ever since.
If you’re struggling to think of what to get someone for Christmas. Get them a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
The great thing about stationery shops is they're always in the same place...
Did you hear about the cheese who saved the world? It was Legend-dairy!
What do you call cheese by itself? Provolone.
How do you fix a broken pizza? With tomato paste.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A Brick.
I heard there was a new store called Moderation. They have everything there
A beekeeper was indicted after he confessed to years of stealing at work. They charged him with emBEEzlement
I used to work for a soft drink can crusher. It was soda pressing.
Why did the chicken get a penalty? For fowl play.
When Dad drops a pea off of his plate ‘oh dear I’ve pee’d on the table!
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don’t think it’s feline well.
Why did the burglar hang his mugshot on the wall? To prove that he was framed!
I dreamed about drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea.
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!
Doctor you've got you help me, I'm addicted to twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home...
I broke my finger at work today, on the other hand I'm completely fine.
I went to a book store and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was, she said if she told me it would defeat the purpose.
How does a scientist freshen their breath? With experi-mints!
What has ears but cannot hear? A field of corn.
People who don't eat gluten are really going against the grain.
Sore throats are a pain in the neck!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents.
What's the difference between a seal and a sea lion?
An ion! 
I think circles are pointless.
What did the Dorito farmer say to the other Dorito farmer? Cool Ranch!
A ghost walks into a bar and asks for a glass of vodka but the bar tender says, “sorry we don’t serve spirits”
You know what they say about cliffhangers...
Why do wizards clean their teeth three times a day? To prevent bat breath!
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
A termite walks into a bar and asks “Is the bar tender here?”
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Why did the worker get fired from the orange juice factory? Lack of concentration.
I couldn't get a reservation at the library. They were completely booked.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? I don't think they'll fit me.
How do you get two whales in a car? Start in England and drive West.
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe? Roberto
I tried taking some high resolution photos of local farmland, but they all turned out a bit grainy.
What did the ocean say to the shore? Nothing, it just waved.
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.
I gave all my dead batteries away today, free of charge.
Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They’re going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.
Why didn't the number 4 get into the nightclub? Because he is 2 square.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
Why did the m&m go to school? Because it wanted to be a Smartie!
Did you hear that David lost his ID in prague? Now we just have to call him Dav.
My wife is on a tropical fruit diet, the house is full of stuff. It is enough to make a mango crazy.
Why are basketball players messy eaters? Because they are always dribbling.
Why do mathematicians hate the U.S.? Because it's indivisible.
I knew i shouldn’t have ate that seafood. Because now i’m feeling a little… Eel
Past, present, and future walked into a bar.... It was tense.
Did you hear about the bread factory burning down? They say the business is toast.
My boss told me that he was going to fire the person with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me.
What's black and white and read all over? The newspaper.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
Without geometry life is pointless.
“Hold on, I have something in my shoe”  “I’m pretty sure it’s a foot”
Have you heard about the film "Constipation", you probably haven't because it's not out yet.
I hate perforated lines, they're tearable.
I asked the surgeon if I could administer my own anesthetic, they said: go ahead, knock yourself out.
Why did the barber win the race? He took a short cut.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
What did the judge say to the dentist? Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth?
"What time is it?" I don't know... it keeps changing.
You can't trust a ladder. It will always let you down
I am so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday...the rest are weekdays.
My friend said to me: "What rhymes with orange" I said: "no it doesn't"
I had a rough day, and then somebody went and ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary. It just goes from bad to worse.
I adopted my dog from a blacksmith. As soon as we got home he made a bolt for the door.
Where does batman go to the bathroom? The batroom.
Some people say that comedians who tell one too many light bulb jokes soon burn out, but they don't know watt they are talking about. They're not that bright.
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
What do you call a cow on a trampoline? A milk shake!
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower? Shakespeare.
What do you call an eagle who can play the piano? Talonted!
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick.
What do you call a duck that gets all A's? A wise quacker.
I used to work for an origami company but they folded.
There’s a new type of broom out, it’s sweeping the nation.
I just wrote a book on reverse psychology. Do not read it!
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bay-gulls!
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.
The best time on a clock is 6:30--hands down.
What do you call a magician who has lost their magic? Ian.
Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze!
When do doctors get angry? When they run out of patients.
A man tried to sell me a coffin today. I told him that's the last thing I need.
It doesn't matter how much you push the envelope. It will still be stationary.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That she was a little boulder.
Why did the belt go to prison? He held up a pair of pants!
Wife told me to take the spider out instead of killing it... We had some drinks, cool guy, wants to be a web developer.
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
What is a vampire's favorite fruit? A blood orange.
A cannibal is someone who is fed up with people.
Why did the cookie cry?
Because his mother was a wafer so long
Want to hear my pizza joke? Never mind, it's too cheesy.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt.
Why was the picture sent to prison? It was framed.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted.
I burned 2000 calories today, I left my food in the oven for too long.
Cosmetic surgery used to be such a taboo subject.
Now you can talk about Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.
How can you tell a vampire has a cold? They start coffin.
At the boxing match, the dad got into the popcorn line and the line for hot dogs, but he wanted to stay out of the punchline.
"Hey, dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut."
Why is there always a gate around cemeteries? Because people are always dying to get in.
I asked a frenchman if he played video games. He said "Wii"
My dentist is the best, he even has a little plaque!
So, I heard this pun about cows, but it’s kinda offensive so I won’t say it. I don’t want there to be any beef between us. 
What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common? Same middle name.
What kind of music do planets listen to? Nep-tunes.
Shout out to my grandma, that's the only way she can hear.
Why was the broom late for the meeting? He overswept.
I went on a date last night with a girl from the zoo. It was great. She’s a keeper.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot most of the time, which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet. 
He also ate very little, which made him rather frail and with his odd diet, he suffered from bad breath. 
This made him a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An in-vest-igator!
What did celery say when he broke up with his girlfriend? She wasn't right for me, so I really don't carrot all.
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me. It means a lot.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What biscuit does a short person like? Shortbread. 
The invention of the wheel was what got things rolling
Why was Santa's little helper feeling depressed? Because he has low elf esteem.
Q: What’s 50 Cent’s name in Zimbabwe? A: 200 Dollars.
Why did Sweden start painting barcodes on the sides of their battleships? So they could Scandinavian.
Want to hear a chimney joke? Got stacks of em! First one's on the house
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop!
If two vegans are having an argument, is it still considered beef?
My sea sickness comes in waves.
For Valentine's day, I decided to get my wife some beads for an abacus.  It's the little things that count.
What's the worst thing about ancient history class? The teachers tend to Babylon.
My new thesaurus is terrible. In fact, it's so bad, I'd say it's terrible.
What type of music do balloons hate? Pop music!
Do you want a brief explanation of what an acorn is? In a nutshell, it's an oak tree.
How come a man driving a train got struck by lightning? He was a good conductor.
Camping is intense.
Dad died because he couldn't remember his blood type. I will never forget his last words. Be positive.
I’m on a whiskey diet. I’ve lost three days already.
How does Darth Vader like his toast? On the dark side.
Why didn’t the orange win the race? It ran out of juice.
Did you hear about the runner who was criticized? He just took it in stride
What animal is always at a game of cricket? A bat.
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water?  Because he was a little horse!
I started a new business making yachts in my attic this year...the sails are going through the roof
If you think swimming with dolphins is expensive, you should try swimming with sharks--it cost me an arm and a leg!
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
I am terrified of elevators. I’m going to start taking steps to avoid them.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs!
Did you know you should always take an extra pair of pants golfing? Just in case you get a hole in one.
I wish I could clean mirrors for a living. It's just something I can see myself doing.
How do the trees get on the internet? They log on.
To the guy who invented zero... thanks for nothing.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
What is red and smells like blue paint?
Red paint!
*Reversing the car* "Ah, this takes me back"
Doctor you've got to help me, I'm addicted to Twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste!
Why does Norway have barcodes on their ships? Because they Scan-da-navy-in!
What's red and smells like blue paint? Red paint!
Unfortunately these jokes only work if you git them.
Relationship status? I'll leave the relations to the database.
How do you get the code for the bank vault? You checkout their branch.
How did the developer announce their engagement? They returned true!
Why did the security conscious engineer refuse to pay their dinner bill? Because they could not verify the checksum.
What do you call a busy waiter? A server.
What do you call an idle server? A waiter.
[Please Enter New Password] fortnight [Error: Password is Two Week]
How many Prolog programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? Yes.
I’ve been hearing news about this big boolean.
Huge if true.
What diet did the ghost developer go on? Boolean
Why was the developer unhappy at their job? They wanted arrays.
Why did 10 get paid less than "10"? There was workplace inequality.
Why was the function sad after a successful first call? It didn’t get a callback.
Why did the angry function exceed the callstack size? It got into an Argument with itself
Whats the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance
Why did the developer ground their kid? They weren't telling the truthy
What did the array say after it was extended? Stop objectifying me.
!false
It's funny 'cause it's true.
Where did the parallel function wash its hands? Async
I'm starting a band called HTML Encoder Looking to buy a guitar &amp;
Why did the functions stop calling each other? Because they had constant arguments.
What's the second movie about a database engineer called? The SQL.
Why doesn't Hollywood make more Big Data movies? NoSQL.
A programmer's significant other tells them, "Run to the store and pick up a loaf of bread. If they have eggs, get a dozen."
The programmer comes home with 12 loaves of bread.
What did the spider do on the computer? Made a website!
What did the computer do at lunchtime? Had a byte!
What does a baby computer call his father? Data!
Why did the computer keep sneezing? It had a virus!
What is a computer virus? A terminal illness!
I never tell the same joke twice
I have a DRY sense of humor.
Why was the computer freezing? It left its Windows open!
Why was there a bug in the computer? Because it was looking for a byte to eat?
Why did the computer squeak? Because someone stepped on its mouse!
What do you get when you cross a computer and a life guard? A screensaver!
Where do all the cool mice live? In their mousepads!
What do you get when you cross a computer with an elephant? Lots of memory!
Java truly is an OOP language...
As in: OOPs I used Java!
How do programming pirates pass method parameters? Varrrrarrrgs.
How do programming shepherds count their flock? With lambda functions
What airline do developers prefer when they're in a rush? Delta.
How did pirates collaborate before computers ? Pier to pier networking.
Why don't bachelors like Git? Because they are afraid to commit.
A SQL query goes into a bar, walks up to two tables and asks: Can I JOIN you?
How does a developer make a cheer? ["hip","hip"] // (hip hip array!)
Why was the developer's family upset with them at dinner? They forgot to git squash before going home
What did JavaScript call his son? JSON!
What did the proud React component say to its child? I've got to give you props
What did the server say to his client who was having a bad day? Everything's going to be 200
Why did the developer go broke? Because they used up all their cache
Are computers dangerous? Nah, they don't byte. They just nibble a bit.
How did the mafioso kill the Node server? Tie await to it and let it async.
You know what the best thing about booleans is? Even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.
Why couldn’t the user update a file on a shared server? They didn’t have the write permissions
What do you do when you can't understand your husband's behavior? man man
What do you call a doctor who fixes websites? A URLogist
How many developers does it take to change a light bulb? None. It's a hardware issue
Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas? Because 31 OCT == 25 DEC
Why do kayakers make bad programmers? Because they're afraid of waterfall.
What are computers' favorite snacks? Microchips, phish sticks, and cookies. But just a few bytes of each.
What do computers love to do at the beach? Put on some spam block for protection so they can safely surf the net while catching some .WAVs!
What do you call a computer that sings? A-dell.
What's a compiler developer's favorite spice? Parsley.
When do front end developers go out to eat? On their lunch <br>.
A SQL developer walked into a NoSQL bar. They left because they couldn't find a table.
How do you help JS errors? You console them!
Why don't parents teach their kids about regular expressions? Because they don't want them playing with matches
Why didn't the <div /> get invited to the dinner party? Because it had no class!
Why aren't cryptocurrency engineers allowed to vote? Because they're miners!
Why did the constant break up with the variable? Because they changed.
Why did the database administrator leave his wife? She had one-to-many relationships.
Asynchronous JavaScript is amazing.
I Promise you, await and see.
What did the Class say in court when put on trial? I strongly object!
Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they don't C#!
What are the three hardest problems in computer science? Naming things and off-by-one errors
What did the fruit basket say to the developer? I hope you're ready for some pear programming!
How does a sysadmin keep a fire going? They rotate the logs.
I've got a great UDP joke but I'm afraid you wouldn't get it...
A programmer was arrested for writing unreadable code. They refused to comment.
There are 10 types of people in this world, those who understand binary and those who don't.
I love you and I only love you. Does that turn you on?
AND GATE: No.
Why do all HTML emails get blocked? Because they are all <span />.
What did the process say after working in an infinite loop all day? I need a break.
An Agent died unexpectedly. How was the crime solved? By looking at the Stack Trace.
Why did the document store go out of business? It had NoSQL.
Why can't SQL and NoSQL Developers date one other? Because they don't agree on relationships.
Why is Python like the Soviet Union? Because it has no private fields
Where did the API go to eat? To the RESTaurant
Why shouldn't you trust Matlab developers? Because they're always plotting something.
Why did the developer have to quit smoking? Because they couldn't afford to pay the new syntax.
How does a programmer open a jar for their significant other? They install Java
What did the psychic say to the developers? I see dev people.
Where does the pirate stash all of their digital treasures? RAR
What is React's favorite movie genre? Suspense
Why couldn't the React component understand the joke? Because it didn't get the context.
What did XHR say to AJAX when it thought it was being a Mean Girl? Stop trying to make fetch happen!
What was Grace Hopper's favorite car? VW Bug
What sits on a pirate's shoulder and calls, "Pieces of seven, Pieces of seven"? Parroty error.
What is a pirate's favorite programming language? You'd think it was R, but a pirate's first love is Objectively C.
Why did the programmer come home crying?" His friends were always boolean him.
- Knock Knock!
- An async function
- Who's there?
What PostgreSQL library should Python developers use for adult-oriented code? psycoPG13
The next time you're using Safari or Firefox and it's running slowly, you can say to yourself, "I could've had a V8".
What accommodations did the JavaScript developer request at the hotel? A room with a Vue.
Where do developers drink? The Foo bar
Why do assembly programmers need to know how to swim? Because they work below C level.
Who used the internet before it was cool? Httpsters
What kind of computer can hold a musical note? A Dell.
Why did the web developer always go to the wrong hotel room? They were in room 301.
How do you stop a web developer stealing your stuff? Write 403 on it.
Why are machine learning models so fit? Because they do weight training.
Why did Gargamel shut down the internet? Because he didn't want people SMURFING the web!
What did the command line die of? A Terminal illness.
Did you hear what the clumsy cryptographer did to their password? Made a hash of it.
Why are keyboards always working so hard? Cause they have two shifts!
What are clouds made of? Mostly linux servers.
How does Mr. Potato Head (dev edition 0.0.1) remove his mustache? git stache pop
Why can't you use 'Soup' as your password? Because it isn't stroganoff
Why do developers use mechanical keyboards? To strongly type their code.
A new database query walks into a bar.
The server says "Sorry, cache only."
What's the best tool for automatically ignoring long email threads about tech buzzwords?
"Block-chain"
What is a developer's favorite country song? Hello World - by Lady Antebellum
Why was nobody given food at the developer conference? It was a serverless function!
Why did the developer cancel their dinner plans? They were unable to fulfil peer dependencies
Why did the functional programmer finally move out of their house? For(e) closure
How do JavaScript developers break up? They always promise to callback
Why do developers mixup Terminals and Polygraphs? Because they both can see a lie (CLI)
Did you hear about the programmer that was scared of IDEs? They retreated back into their shell
What do you call optimistic front-end developers? Stack half-full developers.
Chuck Norris can take a screenshot of his blue screen.
Have you heard the one about the Corduroy pillow? It's making HEADLINES!
Hey officer! How did the hackers escape? No idea. They just ransomware.
Why can’t data engineers become hat makers? They can only guarantee two thirds of a CAP!
How did the hippie learn about database transactions? By taking ACID
Why is it called the Dark Ages? There were a lot of KNIGHTS!
What did the Network Administrator say when they caught a nasty virus? It hurts when IP
Which programming language is the shortest? HTML. Because it doesn't have a neck between its <head> and <body>.
What good can come of 2989 witches casting a hex? None, it is always 0xBAD
Did you hear about the witch who was off by two when casting a hex? They failed to make the target DEAD and made them DEAF instead!
I went to a street where the houses were numbered 8k, 16k, 32k, 64k, 128k, 256k and 512k.
It was a trip down Memory Lane.
Lisp programmers don't make prank calls. They make FUNCALLs
Why do Front-End Developers eat lunch alone? Because, they don't know how to join tables.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't
If at first you don't succeed; call it version 1.0
I'm not anti-social; I'm just not user friendly
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features
Roses are #FF0000 , Violets are #0000FF , All my base belongs to you
In a world without fences and walls, who needs Gates and Windows?
Hand over the calculator, friends don't let friends derive drunk
I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...
The box said 'Requires Windows 95 or better'. So I installed LINUX
A penny saved is 1.39 cents earned, if you consider income tax
Unix, DOS and Windows...the good, the bad and the ugly
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history - with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila
The code that is the hardest to debug is the code that you know cannot possibly be wrong
UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity
Ethernet (n): something used to catch the etherbunny
C://dos C://dos.run run.dos.run
You know it's love when you memorize her IP number to skip DNS overhead
JUST SHUT UP AND REBOOT!!
1f u c4n r34d th1s u r34lly n33d t0 g37 l41d
Alcohol & calculus don't mix. Never drink & derive
How do I set a laser printer to stun?
There is only one satisfying way to boot a computer
Concept: On the keyboard of life, always keep one finger on the escape button
It's not bogus, it's an IBM standard
Be nice to the nerds, for all you know they might be the next Bill Gates!
The farther south you go, the more dollar stores there are
Beware of programmers that carry screwdrivers
The difference between e-mail and regular mail is that computers handle e-mail, and computers never decide to come to work one day and shoot all the other computers
If you want a language that tries to lock up all the sharp objects and fire-making implements, use Pascal or Ada: the Nerf languages, harmless fun for children of all ages, and they won't mar the furniture
COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning
LISP = Lots of Irritating Silly Parentheses
The beginning of the programmer's wisdom is understanding the difference between getting program to run and having a runnable program
Squash one bug, you'll see ten new bugs popping
Everytime i time i touch my code, i give birth to ten new bugs
boast = blogging is open & amiable sharing of thoughts
We are sorry, but the number you have dialed is imaginary. Please rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again
Cannot find REALITY.SYS. Universe halted
If it weren't for C, we'd all be programming in BASI and OBO
Bad command or file name! Go stand in the corner
Bad or corrupt header, go get a haircut
Unrecognized input, get out of the class
Warning! Buffer overflow, close the tumbler !
WinErr 547: LPT1 not found... Use backup... PENCIL & PAPER
Bad or missing mouse driver. Spank the cat? (Y/N)
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes
Best file compression around: "rm *.*" = 100% compression
Hackers in hollywood movies are phenomenal. All they need to do is "c:\> hack into fbi"
BREAKFAST.COM Halted...Cereal Port Not Responding
I survived an NT installation
The name is Baud......James Baud
My new car runs at 56Kbps
Why doesn't DOS ever say "EXCELLENT command or filename!"
File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)
Cannot read data, leech the next boy's paper? (Y/N)
CONGRESS.SYS Corrupted: Re-boot Washington D.C (Y/n)?
Does fuzzy logic tickle?
Helpdesk : Sir, you need to add 10GB space to your HD , Customer : Could you please tell where I can download that?
Windows: Just another pane in the glass
Who's General Failure & why's he reading my disk?
RAM disk is not an installation procedure
Shell to DOS...Come in DOS, do you copy? Shell to DOS...
The truth is out there...anybody got the URL?
Smash forehead on keyboard to continue.....
E-mail returned to sender -- insufficient voltage
Help! I'm modeming... and I can't hang up!!!
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
Once I got this error on my Linux box: Error. Keyboard not attached. Press F1 to continue
Once I got this error on my Linux box: Error. Mouse not attached. Please left click the 'OK' button to continue
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit...
Press every key to continue
Helpdesk: Sir if you see the blue screen, press any key to continue. Customer : hm.. just a min.. where's that 'any key'..
Idiot, Go ahead, make my data!
Old programmers never die; they just give up their resources
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so
(001) Logical Error CLINTON.SYS: Truth table missing
Clinton:/> READ | PARSE | WRITE | DUMP >> MONKIA.SYS
(D)inner not ready: (A)bort (R)etry (P)izza
Computers can never replace human stupidity
A typical Yahoo! inbox : Inbox(0), Junk(9855210)
(A)bort, (R)etry, (P)anic?
Bugs come in through open Windows
Penguins love cold, they wont survive the sun
Unix is user friendly...its just selective about who its friends are
Artificial intelligence usually beats real stupidity
Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.
To err is human...to really foul up requires the root password.
Invalid password : Please enter the correct password to (Abort / Retry / Ignore )
FUBAR - where Geeks go for a drink
I degaussed my girlfriend and I'm just not attracted to her anymore
Scandisk : Found 2 bad sectors. Please enter a new HD to continue scanning
Black holes are where God divided by zero
Hey! It compiles! Ship it!
Thank god, my baby just compiled
Yes! My code compiled, and my wife just produced the output
Windows 98 supports real multitasking - it can boot and crash simultaneously
Zap! And there was the blue screen !
Please send all spam to my main address, root@localhost :-)
MailerD(a)emon: You just received 9133547 spam. (O)pen all, (R)ead one by one, (C)heck for more spam
A: Can you teach me how to use a computer? B: No. I just fix the machines, I don't use them
PayPal: Your funds have been frozen for 668974 days
1-800-404 : The subscriber you are trying to call does not exist
1-800-403 : Access to that subscriber was denied
Error message: "Out of paper on drive D:"
If I wanted a warm fuzzy feeling, I'd antialias my graphics!
A printer consists of three main parts: the case, the jammed paper tray and the blinking red light
"Mr. Worf, scan that ship." "Aye Captain. 300 dpi?"
Smith & Wesson: The Original Point And Click Interface
Shout onto a newsgroup : It echoes back flames and spam
Firewall : Intruder detected. (A)llow in (D)eactivate the firewall
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language
Warning! Perl script detected! (K)ill it , (D)eactivate it
Firewall : Do you want to place a motion detector on port 80 ?
Helpdesk: Sir, please refill your ink catridges Customer : Where can i download that?
All computers run at the same speed... with the power off
You have successfully logged in, Now press any key to log out
Sorry, the password you tried is already being used by Dorthy, please try something else.
Sorry, that username already exists. (O)verwrite it (C)ancel
Please send all flames, trolls, and complaints to /dev/toilet
Shut up, or i'll flush you out
Cron : Enter cron command \ Now enter the number of minutes in an hour
We are experiencing system trouble -- do not adjust your terminal
You have successfully hacked in, Welcome to the FBI mainframes.
I'm sorry, our software is perfect. The problem must be you
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes hurling down the highway
Webhost livehelp: Sir you ran out of bandwidth, User: Where can I download that?
If Ruby is not and Perl is the answer, you don't understand the question
Having soundcards is nice... having embedded sound in web pages is not
My computer was full, so I deleted everything on the right half
You have received a new mail which is 195537 hours old
Yahoo! Mail: Your email was sent successfully. The email will delivered in 4 days and 8 hours
I'm sorry for the double slash (Tim Berners-Lee in a Panel Discussion, WWW7, Brisbane, 1998)
Ah, young webmaster... java leads to shockwave. Shockwave leads to realaudio. And realaudio leads to suffering
What color do you want that database?
C++ is a write-only language. I can write programs in C++, but I can't read any of them
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code
earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can
A typical yahoo chat room: "A has signed in, A has signed out, B has signed in, B has signed out, C has signed in, C has signed out.."
When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop
Warning! No processor found! Press any key to continue
Failure is not an option. It comes bundled with your Microsoft product
NT is the only OS that has caused me to beat a piece of hardware to death with my bare hands
Warning! Kernel crashed, Run for your lives !
NASA uses Windows? Oh great. If Apollo 13 went off course today the manual would just tell them to open the airlock, flush the astronauts out, and re-install new one
JavaScript: An authorizing language designed to make Netscape crash
How's my programming? Call 1-800-DEV-NULL
Yes, friends and neighbors, boys and girls - my PC speaker crashed NT
root:> Sorry, you entered the wrong password, the correct password is 'a_49qwXk'
New linux package released. Please install on /dev/null
Quake and uptime do not like each other
Unix...best if used before: Tue Jan 19 03:14:08 GMT 2038
As you well know, magic and weapons are prohibited inside the cafeteria -- Final Fantasy VIII
Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft...and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labo
Unix is the only virus with a command line interface
Windows 95 makes Unix look like an operating system
How are we supposed to hack your system if it's always down!
God is real, unless declared integer
I'm tempted to buy the slashdot staff a grammar checker. What do they do for 40 hours a week?
Paypal : Please enter your credit card number to continue
It takes a million monkeys at typewriters to write Shakespeare, but only a dozen monkeys at computers to run Network Solutions
Please help - firewall burnt down - lost packet - reward $$$
If Linux were a beer, it would be shipped in open barrels so that anybody could piss in it before delivery
Thank you Mario! But our princess is in another castle
Perl, the only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption
Norton: Incoming virus - (D)ownload and save (R)un after download
I had a dream... and there were 1's and 0's everywhere, and I think I saw a 2!
You sir, are an unknown USB device driver
C isn't that hard: void (*(*f[])())() defines f as an array of unspecified size, of pointers to functions that return pointers to functions that return void
Have you heard of the band 1023MB?. They haven't got a gig yet.
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it’s tearable.
Why did the cookie cry? Because his father was a wafer so long!
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
What do you call a belt with a watch on it? A waist of time.
How do you organize an outer space party? You planet.
I went to a seafood disco last week... and pulled a mussel.
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have greater problems.
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don’t think it’s feline well.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
What did daddy spider say to baby spider? You spend too much time on the web.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
There’s a new type of broom out, it’s sweeping the nation.
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap.
Why does Superman gets invited to dinners? Because he is a Supperhero.
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars.
The shovel was a ground breaking invention.
A scarecrow says, "This job isn't for everyone, but hay, it's in my jeans."
A Buddhist walks up to a hot dog stand and says, "Make me one with everything."
Did you hear about the guy who lost the left side of his body? He's alright now.
What do you call a girl with one leg that's shorter than the other? Ilene.
I did a theatrical performance on puns. It was a play on words.
What do you do with a dead chemist? You barium.
I bet the person who created the door knocker won a Nobel prize.
Towels can’t tell jokes. They have a dry sense of humor.
Two birds are sitting on a perch and one says "Do you smell fish?"
Do you know sign language? You should learn it, it’s pretty handy.
What do you call a beautiful pumpkin? GOURDgeous.
Why did one banana spy on the other? Because she was appealing.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What do you call a cow with all of its legs? High steaks.
A cross eyed teacher couldn’t control his pupils.
After the accident, the juggler didn’t have the balls to do it.
I used to be afraid of hurdles, but I got over it.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
I read a book on anti-gravity. I couldn’t put it down.
I couldn’t remember how to throw a boomerang but it came back to me.
What should you do if you are cold? Stand in the corner. It’s 90 degrees.
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it.
The energizer bunny went to jail. He was charged with battery.
What did the alien say to the pitcher of water? Take me to your liter.
What happens when you eat too many spaghettiOs? You have a vowel movement.
The soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray was a seasoned veteran.
Sausage puns are the wurst.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
Why shouldn’t you trust atoms? They make up everything.
What’s it called when you have too many aliens? Extraterrestrials.
Want to hear a pizza joke? Nevermind, it’s too cheesy.
What do cows tell each other at bedtime? Dairy tales.
Why can’t you take inventory in Afghanistan? Because of the tally ban.
Why didn’t the lion win the race? Because he was racing a cheetah.
What happens to nitrogen when the sun comes up? It becomes daytrogen.
What’s it called when you put a cow in an elevator? Raising the steaks.
What’s america’s favorite soda? Mini soda.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
What kind of car does a sheep drive? Their SuBAHHru.
What do you call a french pig? Porque.
What do you call a line of rabbits marching backwards? A receding hairline.
Why don’t vampires go to barbecues? They don’t like steak.
How do trees access the internet? They log on.
Why should you never trust a train? They have loco motives.
Is your refrigerator running? Better go catch it.
The future,the present and the past walked into a bar.Things got a little tense.
I saw an ad for burial plots, and thought to myself this is the last thing I need.
I just found out I'm colorblind. The diagnosis came completely out of the purple.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
Read enough of our funny puns, and you'll be punstoppable.
Yesterday a clown held the door for me. It was a nice jester.
I used to go fishing with Skrillex but he kept dropping the bass.
The wedding was so emotional even the cake was in tiers.
What does a house wear? A dress.
Why can't bicycles stand up on their own? Since they are 2 tired.
I owe a lot to the sidewalks. They’ve been keeping me off the streets for years.
Imagine if alarm clocks hit you back in the morning.It would be truly alarming.
Why is a skeleton a bad liar? You can see right through it.
What do you receive when you ask a lemon for help? Lemonaid.
A man sued an airline company after it lost his luggage. Sadly, he lost his case.
What does a dog say when he sits down on a piece of sandpaper? Ruff!
What do you call crystal clear urine? 1080pee.
At my boxing club there is only one punch bag. I hate waiting for the punch line!
An untalented gymast walks into a bar.
Einstein developed a theory about space, and it was about time too.
I was accused of being a plagiarist, their word not mine.
My friends say they don’t like skeleton puns. I should put more backbone into them.
Let me FILL you in on my trip to the dentist.
Why does the singer of Cheap Thrills not want us to Sia?
Traveling on a flying carpet is a rugged experience.
Cartoonist found dead in home. Details are sketchy.
The old woman who lived in a shoe wasn’t the sole owner,there were strings attached.
Did you hear about the crime in the parking garage? It was wrong on so many levels.
My new diet consists of aircraft, its a bit plane.
Have you ever tried to milk a cow which has been cut in half? Udder madness.
Why are there fences on graveyards? Because people are dying to get in.
Why do trees have so many friends? They branch out.
Models of dragons are not to scale.
Never discuss infinity with a mathematician, they can go on about it forever.
Why don’t some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don’t work out.
Don’t trust people that do acupuncture, they’re back stabbers.
A persistent banker wouldn’t stop hitting on me so I asked him to leave me a loan.
I ordered a book of puns last week, but i didn't get it.
People say i look better without glasses but i just can't see it.
Don’t judge a meal by the look of the first course. It’s very souperficial.
I heard Donald Trump is going to ban shredded cheese, and make America grate again.
I relish the fact that you’ve mustard the strength to ketchup to me.
What do you call a young musician? A minor.
Police were called to a daycare yesterday, where a 2-year-old was resisting a rest.
If artists wear sketchers do linguists wear converse?
I changed my iPod name to Titanic. It’s syncing now.
Jill broke her finger today, but on the other hand she was completely fine.
I smeared some ketchup all over my eyes once. It was a bad idea in Heinz- sight.
I flipped a coin over an issue the other day, it was quite the toss-up.
I got hit in the head with a can of soda? Luckily it was a soft drink.
I heard that the post office was a male dominated industry.
Why isn’t suntanning an Olympic sport? Because the best you can ever get is bronze.
What do you mean June is over? Julying.
Why is Kylo Ren so angry? Beause he’s always Ben Solo.
These reversing cameras are great. Since I got one I haven’t looked back.
The candle quit his job because he felt burned out.
Our maintenance guy lost his legs on the job, now he’s just a handyman.
Going to bed with music on gave him sound sleep.
A magic tractor drove down the road and turned into a field!
I met some aliens from outer space. They were pretty down to earth.
The plane flight brought my acrophobia to new heights.
My phone has to wear glasses ever since it lost its contacts.
I, for one, like Roman numerals.
How do mountains see? They peak.
The show was called Spongebob Squarepants but everyone knows the star was Patrick.
This is not alcohol, water you thinking?!
Novice pirates make terrible singers because they can’t hit the high seas.
I told my friend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
The earth's rotation really makes my day.
If I buy a bigger bed will I have more or less bedroom?
Two peanuts were walking in a tough neighborhood and one of them was a-salted.
Two ropes were walking in a tough neighborhood and one of them was a-frayed.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers.
I got a master’s degree in being ignored; no one seems to care.
After eating the ship, the sea monster said, I can’t believe I ate the hull thing.
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork but the heavier ones need a crane.
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
I had a pun about insanity but then I lost it.
He couldn’t work out how to fix the washing machine so he threw in the towel.
Why does the man want to buy nine rackets? Cause tennis too many.
Why don’t cannibals eat clowns? Because they taste funny.
If I got paid in lots of Pennes I would make loads of pasta.
I thought I saw a spider on my laptop, but my friend said it was just a bug.
A doctor broke his leg while auditioning for a play.Luckily he still made the cast.
The tale of the haunted refrigerator was chilling.
Why are frogs so happy? They eat whatever bugs them.
If you wear cowboy clothes are you ranch dressing?
I was addicted to the hokey pokey but I turned myself around.
Simba, you're falling behind. I must ask you to Mufasa.
I bought a wooden whistle but it wooden whistle.
The bomb didn't want to go off. So it refused.
The sore mummy needed a Cairo-practor
I feel sorry for shopping carts. They’re always getting pushed around.
The display of still-life art was not at all moving!
On Halloween October is nearly Octover.
Pig puns are so boaring.
Why couldn’t the dead car drive into the cluttered garage? Lack of vroom.
What do you call Samsung's security guards? Guardians of the Galaxy.
What does Superman have in his drink? Just ice.
How does a penguin build it’s house? Igloos it together.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
The safe was invented by a cop and a robber. It was quite a combination.
What do you do when balloons are hurt? You helium.
One hat says to the other, "You stay here, I’ll go on a head."
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
When does a farmer dance? When he drops the beet.
When the scientist wanted to clone a deer, he bought a doe it yourself kit.
If people ask how many puns I made in Germany I reply, "nein"
Did you hear about the invention of the white board? It was remarkable.
If Donald Trump becomes president, America is going toupee.
Can February March? No, but April May.
I hate Russian Dolls, they are so full of themselves.
What do you do to an open wardrobe? You closet.
The magazine about ceiling fans went out of business due to low circulation.
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world!
Some aquatic mammals at the zoo escaped. It was otter chaos.
A backwards poem writes inverse.
Getting the ability to fly would be so uplifting.
I asked my friend, Nick, if he had 5 cents I could borrow. But he was Nicholas.
The soundtrack for Blackfish was orcastrated.
Where do you imprison a skeleton? In a rib cage.
There’s a fine line between the numerator and the denominator.
I used to work at a hairdresser but i just wasn’t cut out for it.
Why is metal and a microwave a match made in heaven? When they met, sparks flew.
The lumberjack loved his new computer. He especially enjoyed logging in.
Garbage collectors are rubbish drivers!
When the church relocated it had an organ transplant.
Lettuce take a moment to appreciate this salad pun.
The scarecrow get promoted because he was outstanding in his field.
Sleeping comes so naturally to me, I could do it with my eyes closed.
I never understood odorless chemicals, they never make scents.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
Why was dumbo sad? He felt irrelephant.
When a clock is hungry, it goes back four seconds.
Old skiers never die. They just go down hill.
Did you hear about the pun that was actually funny? Neither have we.
You know why I like egg puns? They crack me up!
Want to hear a pun about ghosts? That's the spirit!
I used to make clown shoes… which was no small feat.
Did you hear about the human cannonball? Too bad he got fired!
What happened when the magician got mad? She pulled her hare out!
Did you hear about the circus that caught on fire? It was in tents.
The one day of the week that eggs are definitely afraid of is Fry-day.
A hen will always leave her house through the proper eggs-it.
The man who ate too many eggs was considered to be an egg-oholic.
All the hens consider the chef to be very mean because he beats the eggs.
Eskimos keep all of their chilled eggs inside of the egg-loo.
Under the doctor’s advice, the hen is laying off eggs for a few weeks.
I had a real problem making a hard-boiled egg this morning until I cracked it.
The best time of day to eat eggs is at the crack of dawn.
The chicken coop only had 2 doors since if it had 4 doors it would be a sedan.
Crossing a cement mixer and a chicken will result in you getting a brick layer.
That reckless little egg always seems to egg-celerate when he sees the light turn yellow.
Hopefully this egg pun doesn't make your brain too fried or scrambled.
Don't ever have multiple people wash dishes together. It's hard for them to stay in sink.
People using umbrellas always seem to be under the weather.
I dissected an iris today. It was an eye-opening experience.
What was Forrest Gump’s email password? 1forrest1.
What planet is like a circus? Saturn, it has three rings!
Before my father died he worked in a circus as a stilt walker. I used to look up to him.
Why did the lion eat the tightrope walker? He wanted a well-balanced meal!
I really look up to my tall friends.
I hate negative numbers and will stop at nothing to avoid them.
Long fairy tales have a tendency to dragon.
It takes guts to make a sausage.
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite
Why is green ice cream so serendipitous? It was mint to be.
I had a dream last night that I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
The person who invented the door knock won the No-bell prize.
I couldn't work out how to fasten my seatbelt. Then it clicked.
Never trust atoms, they make up everything.
Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth, then it just becomes a soap opera.
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
To the guy who invented Zero: Thanks for nothing!
I've accidentally swallowed some Scrabble tiles. My next crap could spell disaster.
There are plenty of fish in the sea but until I catch one I'm just stuck here holding my rod...
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
When William joined the army he disliked the phrase 'fire at will'.
There was a sign on the lawn at a drug re-hab center that said 'Keep off the Grass'.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
I can hear music coming out of my printer. I think the paper's jammin' again.
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but it doesn't matter none of them work
Want to hear a construction joke? I'm working on it
I always take a second pair of pants when I go golfing... in case I get a hole in one.
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to me.
So i've decided that my wifi will be my valentine. IDK, we just have this connection.
I was going to tell a Mexican joke, but that's just crossing the border!
A prisoner's favorite punctuation mark is the period. It marks the end of his sentence.
what do you call a fake noodle? an IMPASTA!
I'm trying to think of a Miley Cyrus joke but its not twerking.
I'm going to stand outside, so if anyone asks I'm outstanding.
I used to go fishing with Skrillex, but they kept dropping the bass.
I just realised that I haven't done the hokey pokey in over 10 years. I guess when you get older, you just forget what it's all about.
2 antennas met on a roof and got married. The wedding was ok, but the reception was incredible.
A book just fell on my head. I've only got my shelf to blame.
I dropped my burger on the floor. Now it's ground beef.
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.
The outcome of war does not prove who is right, but only who is left.
Darth Vader once made cookies, but they were a little on the dark side.
The store keeps calling me to come back and buy more furniture... but all i really wanted was a one night stand.
This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I'd never met herbivore.
Police arrested two kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. They charged one and let the other one off...
No more Harry Potter jokes guys, I'm Sirius.
It was hard getting over my addiction to hokey pokey, but I've turned myself around.
Why can't a bike stand on it's own? Because it is two tired.
It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.
Why did everyone want to hang out with the mushroom? Because he was a fungi.
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
When life gives you melons, you’re probably dyslexic.
If Apple made a car, would it have Windows?
Need an ark to save two of every animal? I noah guy.
The scare crow got promoted to the manager at a supermarket, because he was outstanding in his field
What is the difference between a nicely dressed man on a tricycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? A tire.
What do you do with a sick chemist? If you can't helium, and you can't curium, you might as well barium.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
Where do TVs go on vacation? To remote islands!
I was going to tell a midget joke, but it's too short.
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Sleeping comes so naturally to me, I could do it with my eyes closed.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Velcro - what a rip-off!
They should make a Minecraft movie, it would be a blockbuster.
I don't trust people with graph paper. They're always plotting something
I had a friend who was addicted to brake fluid. He says he can stop anytime.
They told me I had Type A blood, but it was a Type O.
I went to to the shop to buy 8 sprites i came home and realised I'd picked 7Up
Why are iPhone chargers not called Apple Juice?
There was an explosion at a pie factory, 3.14 people died.
A man drove his expensive car into a tree and found out how a Mercedes bends
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
The experienced carpenter really nailed it, but the new guy screwed everything up.
I didn't like my beard at first but then it grew on me.
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork but the heavier ones need a crane.
What's the definition of a will? (It's a dead giveaway).
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
I usually take steps to avoid elevators.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.
I used to be a banker but I lost interest
I don't trust these stairs because they're always up to something.
My friend's bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
Don't trust people that do acupuncture, they're back stabbers.
The man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.
Police were called to a daycare where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
When Peter Pan punches, they Neverland
The shoemaker did not deny his apprentice anything he needed. He gave his awl.
I did a theatrical performance about puns. Really it was just a play on words.
Show me a piano falling down a mineshaft and I'll show you A-flat minor.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
There was once a cross-eyed teacher who couldn't control his pupils.
A new type of broom came out, it is sweeping the nation.
I relish the fact that you've mustard the strength to ketchup to me.
The roundest knight at king Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference.
I knew a woman who owned a taser, man was she stunning!
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing - but it let out a little whine.
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds.
The dead batteries were given out free of charge.
What did the duck say when they bought lipstick? Put it on my bill.
How do you stop a dog barking in the back of the car? You put it in the front.
A DHCP packet walks into a bar and asks for a beer. The bartender says, here, but I’ll need that back in an hour!
A pun has not completely matured until it's full groan.
To understand what recursion is... You must first understand what recursion is
Why did the mushroom get invited to the party? Because he was a fungi.
When a dad drives past a graveyard: Did you know that's a popular cemetery? Yep, people are just dying to get in there
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it
I dropped a pear in my car this morning. You should drop another one, then you would have a pair.
I Got Hit In the Head By A Soda Can, But It Didn't Hurt That Much... It was a soft drink.
Hey, dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague.
Did you know that protons have mass? I didn't even know they were catholic.
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
How can you tell a vampire has a cold? They start coffin.
How does a French skeleton say hello? Bone-jour.
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb? 1 or 2? 1... or 2?
Is there a hole in your shoe? No… Then how’d you get your foot in it?
Want to hear my pizza joke? Never mind, it's too cheesy.
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call cheese by itself? Provolone.
What does a pirate pay for his corn? A buccaneer!
What happens when you anger a brain surgeon? They will give you a piece of your mind.
What is a tornado's favorite game to play? Twister!
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
What is the hardest part about sky diving? The ground.
What is this movie about? It is about 2 hours long.
What kind of bagel can fly? A plain bagel.
What was the pumpkin’s favorite sport? Squash.
What's the worst thing about ancient history class? The teachers tend to Babylon.
What’s Forest Gump’s Facebook password? 1forest1
Where do rabbits go after they get married? On a bunny-moon.
Where do young cows eat lunch? In the calf-ateria.
Where does batman go to the bathroom? The batroom.
Which side of the chicken has more feathers? The outside.
Why are graveyards so noisy? Because of all the coffin.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot!
Why couldn't the kid see the pirate movie? Because it was rated arrr!
Why did the chicken get a penalty? For fowl play.
Why did the melons plan a big wedding? Because they cantaloupe!
Why didn't the number 4 get into the nightclub? Because he is 2 square.
Why didn’t the orange win the race? It ran out of juice.
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.
Why do pirates not know the alphabet? They always get stuck at "C".
Why do pumpkins sit on people’s porches? They have no hands to knock on the door.
Why does it take longer to get from 1st to 2nd base, than it does to get from 2nd to 3rd base? Because there’s a Shortstop in between!
Why does Norway have barcodes on their battleships? So when they get back to port, they can Scandinavian.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None. It's a hardware problem!
What does a proud computer call its little son? A microchip off the old block!
What is another name for a computer virus? A terminal illness!
Why did the computer spy quit? They couldn’t hack it anymore!
What did the motherboard say to the new software? I'll show you who's Dos!
What does a floppy disk do when it needs a break? It goes for a C: drive!
Why was the computer geek disappointed by the zoo? They couldn't find any RAM!
Which way did the computer programmer go? They went data way!
What do you get when you cross a computer with a hamburger? A Big Mac!
How do you find a spider on the internet? Check out its web site!
How did the computer catch a cold? Someone opened too many Windows!
Why don't Vikings like to send emails? They prefer to use Norse code!
What do you say when a JavaScript interview went bad? Don't call us, we'll callback you. We promise!
Why did the computer programmer drown? They couldn't figure out whether to float left or right!
How do you comfort a JavaScript bug? You console it!
Why did the programmer quit their job? Because they didn't get arrays!
What do computers and air conditioners have in common? They both become useless when you open Windows!
Why do Java programmers wear glasses? They cannot C#!
Do you know the band 1023 megabytes? They haven't had a gig yet!
Why was the database admin kicked out of the bar? They kept joining the tables.
Why did the JavaScript developer lose their job? They couldn't keep their Promises!
Did you hear about the monkeys who shared an Amazon account? They were Prime mates!
What are computers' favorite snacks? Microchips, phish sticks, and cookies. But just a few bytes of each!
Why was the network administrator late to work? There was lots of traffic congestion and even a collision. Everything was backed up. It was a hard drive!
What wedding gift should you buy for a Windows administrator? I don't know. Perhaps you should check the registry for clues!
Where's the best place to hide a body? Page two of Google!
What is the biggest lie in the entire universe? 'I have read and agree to the Terms & Conditions.'
What do computers do on a beach vacation? Surf the net!
Why are people afraid of computers? They byte!
Why do people on Twitter tell me I'm always confused? Because I don't follow!
How does a computer get drunk? It takes screenshots!
Why do app developer's have such high insurance rates? They're always crashing!
Why doesn't the developer use Git? Because they're afraid to commit!
Why does a front end developer eat alone? Because they don't know how to join the tables!
Did you hear about the Linux sysadmin who won Strictly? They really came out of their shell!
Why are Java programmers front yards so untidy? Because they are always waiting on garbage collection!
What do you call a Rails developer? A conductor!
Where do naughty disk drives get sent? Boot camp!
What do you call it when you have your mom's mom on speed dial? Instagram!
Why did the functions stop calling each other? Because they had constant arguments!
What's the most cutting edge language? C#!
Why couldn't the programmer dance to the song? Because they didn't get the algo-rhythm!
Why do universities hate Java programmers? They're always starting public classes!
Why are programmers popular on the street? They'll write scripts for anything at the right price!
Why is everyone who works at the keyboard factory so rich? They put in a lot of shifts!
Why don't programmers like nature? Too many bugs!
How many bits of bait does a programmer need to go fishing? At least 8, or else the fish won't byte!
Why were the Javascript plumbers delayed? Because they had to await async!
Why was the IT engineer in the hospital? They touched the firewall!
How do you generate a random string? Put a Windows user in front of vim and tell them to exit!
How many testers does it take to change a light bulb? None. Testers do not fix problems; they just report them!
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? What's the problem? The bulb at my desk works just fine!
Why did the programmer stop using Python? Because they are scared of snakes!
Why did the PowerPoint Presentation cross the road? To get to the other slide!
What sits on your shoulder and says 'Pieces of 7! Pieces of 7!'? A Parroty Error!
Why are database admins afraid of having dinner? Because the table is cleared!
Who is a computer's favorite singer? A Dell!
Why did the integer never get any radio play? Because it was unsigned!
How does the JavaScript function travel? It fly's first-class!
What is a computer's favorite instrument? The keyboard!
What does the hacker say to their mom when they're hacking people? Gone Phishing!
What do Linux users wear? Tux-edos!
What do you call a program whose file you can't find? Soft-where!
What grade did the programmer get on their test? C++!
What made the technician win the golf tournament? They had a hard-drive!
Why do programmers take so long in the shower? The instructions on the shampoo are: lather, rinse, repeat!
Where do young cows eat lunch? In the calf-ateria.
If you walk into a forest and cut down a tree, but the tree doesn't understand why you cut it down, do you think it's stumped?
Why do Java programmers wear glasses? Because they don't C#
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas?, Because Oct 31 == Dec 25
How do you make holy water?, You boil the hell out of it
What do you call sad coffee?, Despresso.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?, He's all right now.
Ever wondered why bees hum?, It's because they don't know the words.
How do hens stay fit?, They always egg-cercise!
How do you make holy water?, You boil the hell out of it.
How does a French skeleton say hello?, Bone-jour.
What do birds give out on Halloween?, Tweets.
What do you call a duck that gets all A's?, A wise quacker.
What do you call a group of disorganized cats?, A cat-tastrophe.
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter?, An irrelephant.
What do you call someone with no nose?, Nobody knows.
What do you do when you see a space man?, Park your car man.
What is a tornado's favorite game to play?, Twister!
What kind of award did the dentist receive?, A little plaque.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep?, A stega-snore-us.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot?, A Carrot.
What's the best thing about elevator jokes?, They work on so many levels.
When does a joke become a dad joke?, When it becomes apparent.
Who did the wizard marry?, His ghoul-friend
Who is the coolest Doctor in the hospital?, The hip Doctor!
Why are skeletons so calm?, Because nothing gets under their skin.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days?, Dunno they're just a bit shady.
What is the least spoken language in the world?, Sign language



